TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## Browser Configuration

- [ ] Consider renaming `play` property in `BrowserConfiguration` to better describe what it does (controls queue behavior when navigating to/selecting a track)
- [ ] Unified browse configuration - consolidate `routes` + `browse` into a single concept

## Error Handling

- [ ] Error propagation for navigation failures:
  - [ ] Add `onNavigationError: (error: NavigationError) => void` callback
  - [ ] Add `getNavigationError(): NavigationError | undefined` (cleared on successful navigation)
  - [ ] Define `NavigationError` type with path, message, and error code
  - [ ] Consider: Should navigation methods return `Promise<void>` for error handling?

## Android / MediaSession

- [ ] Implement playback resumption in `MediaSessionCallback.onPlaybackResumption()`:
  - [ ] add some kind of configuration to BrowserConfiguration to handle playback
        resumption, i.e. returning the most recently played queue
  - [ ] Return stored `MediaItemsWithStartPosition` to restore playback state

- [ ] Implement search functionality (uses `BrowserConfiguration.search: SearchSource`):
  - [ ] Implement `MediaSessionCallback.onGetSearchResults()` to return cached search results
  - [ ] Cache search results in MediaSessionCallback after `onSearch()` calls `BrowserManager.search(query)`
  - [ ] Return proper error in `onSearch()` when `config.search` is not configured (line 237)
  - [ ] Return actual result count in `notifySearchResultChanged()` (line 233)
  - [ ] Handle search query in `resolveMediaItemsForPlayback()` (BrowserManager.kt line 163-167):
    - [ ] Extract search query from `mediaItem.requestMetadata.searchQuery`
    - [ ] Call `BrowserManager.search(query)` which uses `config.search` SearchSource
    - [ ] Cache returned Track[] results for later retrieval
    - [ ] Return search results as `MediaItemsWithStartPosition`

Commit message:

docs(android): add TODO for proper cache implementation
Add task to replace basic mutableMap caching in BrowserManager with proper LRU cache

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## Browser Configuration

- [ ] Consider renaming `play` property in `BrowserConfiguration` to better describe what it does (controls queue behavior when navigating to/selecting a track)
- [ ] Unified browse configuration - consolidate `routes` + `browse` into a single concept

## Error Handling

- [ ] Error propagation for navigation failures:
  - [ ] Add `onNavigationError: (error: NavigationError) => void` callback
  - [ ] Add `getNavigationError(): NavigationError | undefined` (cleared on successful navigation)
  - [ ] Define `NavigationError` type with path, message, and error code
  - [ ] Consider: Should navigation methods return `Promise<void>` for error handling?

## Android / Caching

- [ ] Replace basic mutableMap caching in `BrowserManager` with proper LRU cache

## Android / MediaSession

- [ ] Implement playback resumption in `MediaSessionCallback.onPlaybackResumption()`:
  - [ ] add some kind of configuration to BrowserConfiguration to handle playback
        resumption, i.e. returning the most recently played queue
  - [ ] Return stored `MediaItemsWithStartPosition` to restore playback state

- [ ] Implement search functionality (uses `BrowserConfiguration.search: SearchSource`):
  - [ ] Implement `MediaSessionCallback.onGetSearchResults()` to return cached search results
  - [ ] Cache search results in MediaSessionCallback after `onSearch()` calls `BrowserManager.search(query)`
  - [ ] Return proper error in `onSearch()` when `config.search` is not configured (line 237)
  - [ ] Return actual result count in `notifySearchResultChanged()` (line 233)
  - [ ] Handle search query in `resolveMediaItemsForPlayback()` (BrowserManager.kt line 163-167):
    - [ ] Extract search query from `mediaItem.requestMetadata.searchQuery`
    - [ ] Call `BrowserManager.search(query)` which uses `config.search` SearchSource
    - [ ] Cache returned Track[] results for later retrieval
    - [ ] Return search results as `MediaItemsWithStartPosition`
